Create Avo Inspector listing (#4820)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/apps/avo-inspector.md

###### What are the requirements for this app?

Using the Avo Inspector app requires either PostHog Cloud, or a self-hosted PostHog instance running [version 1.30.0](https://posthog.com/blog/the-posthog-array-1-30-0) or later.

Not running 1.30.0? Find out [how to update your self-hosted PostHog deployment](https://posthog.com/docs/runbook/upgrading-posthog)!

You'll also need to have an [Avo](https://www.avo.app/) account, obviously. 

##### How do I get started with the Avo Inspector?

First, you need to set PostHog as a data source in Avo. We recommend checking Avo's [documentation for setting PostHog as a source in Avo](https://www.avo.app/docs/workspace/connect-inspector-to-posthog).

Once PostHog is set as a source in Avo, simply install and enable the app in your PostHog instance by heading to the Apps section. You'll need to enter your Avo API key to complete the setup. 

### Where can I find out more?

Avo maintains robust [documentation about integrating PostHog and Avo](https://www.avo.app/docs/workspace/connect-inspector-to-posthog).

### Who maintains this app?

This app is maintained by the PostHog community. 

### What if I have feedback on this app?

> We love feature requests and feedback! Please [create an issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement%2C+feature&template=feature_request.md) to tell us what you think.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We love feature requests and feedback! Please [create an issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-avo-plugin/new) to tell us what you think.
```
